The two border guards stared Omar's family down. Both wore green uniforms adorned with patches and topped with canvas caps. The first guard had drawn his pistol, speaking firm-sounding words in a language of gibberish. His voice seemed to be getting louder and nastier by the minute, but Omar had no idea what the guard wanted him to do, so he remained still, as did his family. The guards had already arrayed them in a line.

The second guard had his pistol holstered, carefully taking the time to spit at Khaled's feet. Khaled remained stock still, except for his hands, which shook more than the leaves on the surrounding trees. 

The first guard stalked towards them, his face growing a bloody red, spittle flying out as wantonly as his words, all seeming to land onto the family. His pistol had lowered to his side, but he was only growing more furious. His sight focused on Khaled, who let out a whimper. Khaled momentarily turn his head to face Omar.

Father, what do I do?

Before Omar had a chance to respond, the guard raised his pistol, and hit Khaled's cheek hard enough that he fell to the ground.  Before Khaled even had time to ball up, the guard kick him in the chest. The other guard raised his own pistol, ready to fire if the family moved to intervene. The first guard paused his beating enough to let Khaled process the situation, and then smashed his foot into Khaled's arms, which now covered his chest. There was a loud crack, and Omar caught a whiff of a metallic scent. There was a pool of liquid forming under Khaled's mouth.

Omar remained silent. There was nothing he could do to stop the beating now. Any resistance would only increase it, out of spite. He couldn't such a beating to happen to Rasha too. Khaled would have to endure the cruel punishment, no matter how much Omar wished it was him instead. Tears slowly crawled down Omar's face, while Rasha began to wail.

Omar felt Rasha draw into him, too hurt by the sight to continue looking. He started to hold his wife, but caught a glimpse of the pistol-welding guard motioning for them to separate. It was the guard's face that got him to stop holding his wife. The guard looked impassive, almost board while the first continued his beating of Khaled

Omar retreated into himself, into his thoughts. It was the only way he could bear his wife's wails and his son's shouts of pain. 

He began to plan the way they would get out of Bulgaria, out of this cruelty. No matter what the Bulgarians did to them, they would not remain here for long. Even without money, he would find a way onwards for his family. They would find a place where they could belong, where they were no beatings, shootings, bombs, and wars. 

A place where they had food and shelter and the means to prosperity.

They had to.
