It was a hot summer night when Omar once again was forced to make his decision. 

"The Muslim Brotherhood is over! Their corruption shall no longer plague Egypt! Alrea-" 

The shouting voice cut which the click of the channel turning only to be followed by a string of curses so foul one of the patron's face turn a sickly pallor. Omar's deep voice rang out from behind him.

"Khaled! What did I say about language? Get back to work and control your anger you are scaring away the patrons. Do you want to anger Hassan?"

The boy turned to face Omar, who despite no great height difference, none the less towered over him. Khaled raised his hands in acquiescence. 

Mohammod readied himself to step between them, but Omar stepped back with a sigh. "I understand your frustration son, how can I not? We have lost everything and it seems we might lose what life we have rebuilt. Yet, Egypt is one of the safest places we can be."

"We never are going to have been able to rebuild our lives here, and its sooner you come to terms with that the sooner our family can find some dignity," Khaled snarled. Omar scowled at the defiance, eyes tracking his son as he stormed away to join his mother in the kitchen. Conversation tricked back from the patrons in the room, awkward silence broken by commerce.
 
"Let the kid be Omar," Mohammed murmured. "He is right that the situation here is turning for the worst." 

Omar sighed. "I know this Mohammed, but what else can we do? We still need more money to make it to Europe, and that is not even taking account if we can even make it there. Most of the passages are blocked, and you have heard just as much as I have about the difficulties."

"The city is changing. I find myself feeling more unwelcome by the day, just last week Aya was chased from school by older Egyptian children, pelted with rocks."

"Mohammad no more of this talk. Go back to the kitchen and help Khaled, please."

"I trust you like a brother Omar, but you know this cannot continue," Mohammad replied, and with a flourish headed back towards the kitchen.
Omar could almost not bear to think about another perilous journey when he just barely managed to keep his family safe from the last. Their flight to Egypt was perilous and harrowing, the smugglers that presided over their passage gave little care for their safety. The cramped space, the hard dust, the smell of the sick and dying, the aching wails of a mother who just lost her baby.

"Ya Allah, may you grant us strength to overcome this journey."
