Snow fell quietly on the cobblestone streets of Kaufbeuren.  Streetlights illuminated each flake, giving Mohammed the sense of walking through a field of stars.  He glanced up at the sky.  It was so quiet. No gunshots, no screams, no bombs.
He reached the front door of their apartment building and walked through the main hall to the common area.  The building had been built to fit as many people as possible and each apartment only had a microwave and sink at most.  There was one large kitchen and dining area on the first floor, so families took turns cooking meals for the building.  Mohammed entered the kitchen.  The stainless-steel counters shined from a recent cleaning and dishes dried in a rack by the sink, but the smell of spices still lingered in the air.  He went to the refrigerator and pulled out the food Rasha had put aside for him as usual.  The German classes he was taking were in the evening so migrants who worked during the day could take them.  The reheated food would never be as good as when it was freshly cooked, but Mohammed didn’t mind missing the crowd at dinner.
 He brought the food into the dining room and found Aya sitting backward in a chair by the windows, her head resting on her hands.  He sat down on the opposite side of the table.  “What are you looking at?” he asked.
Aya jumped in her seat and spun around in her seat.  She relaxed when she saw him.  “I was waiting for you to get home.”  She said.
“You should have been doing your homework instead.  How was school today?”
“It was fine.” 
“That’s it?”
“Yeah.” Aya picked at the string of her hoodie.
“You didn’t learn anything new or do something fun?”
“Nope, we just did the same things as always.” 
Mohammed frowned.  Aya didn’t like to complain, but she wasn’t a good liar either and she knew it.  Her only defense was to go quiet and hope that people would stop questioning her.  Unfortunately, that didn’t work on her father anymore.
“Did something happen at school?” he asked.
Aya stared down at the table.  “It’s nothing.”
“Aya, I have a hard time believing that.”
He waited patiently until she finally answered, “Some girls in class will only talk to me in German.  They know I can’t understand them very well, but whenever I try to talk to them outside of class they’ll only respond in German.” 
Mohammed looked at his daughter, who was now blushing and looking at the floor.  Her class was mostly made up of refugees from Syria like her, but many of them had been in Germany for several years already.  Mohammed and Aya had only been there for a few months. 
“Maybe you could ask Khaled to tutor you?”
“He’s too busy with his own classes.”
“Well then, why don’t I help you.  We can study together.”
Aya glanced up at him. 
Mohammed continued, “Those girls have forgotten what it’s like to be in our position.  But we can reach their level too.  We can study together, after my classes, and you’ll be talking with them in no time.  Just don’t forget where you come from.  We must learn German to live in this country, but Arabic is our language.”

