The boat was capsizing. 

Aya's mind was racing as she was faced with the haunting realization that she would drown here: in the Mediterranean sea, shoreline slicing across the night sky. Surrounded by land, but yet. 

A wave cascaded into the sinking boat, rocking the rubber dinghy violently fro to fro. The freezing waters jolted her and she pushed herself away from the panicking refugees, the harsh sounds of screaming people rung throughout the stormy night. 

Her voice joined in the din.

"Dad! I'm here! Where are you! I'm safe!" She shouted, waving her arms in the air.

"Dad! Whe- " her shout was lost as the boat lost balance and began to tip heavily over. Stinging cold tugged at her legs. Aya felt a dull sensation of panic rise within her; sensation fading. Too soon she no longer felt the freezing waters, but instead a dull ache. She noticed her father floating beside her, hand finding her arm holding tightly. 

"D-d-don't worry m-my princess, I will keep-p you safe, keep moving your legs Aya!" Mohammed whispered behind her with chattering teeth, clutching her body. She could feel the current tugging at her legs. 
 
"Father!I can barely hear you! Oh my legs can barely move!"

"I won't see Europe" she realized, "I won't be alive to have friends, never experience the freedom of having a life free from the danger that existed wherever, never be able to call a place home once more. Why are my sacrifices not being awarded, my family's suffering ignored! My home was robbed and the world watches!" 

"SHIP!" her mind barely recognized the word before she saw a blinding flash erupt in her eyes, a powerful search beam shining directly onto where she and her family were. The voices of the refugees became louder, and she heard and felt the boat come closer. 

"We are saved! Praise Allah!" she heard someone shout aloud. In moments, the boat was next to her, and she felt her father's arms tighten around her. The cold winds bit deep into her skin and a silent scream was caught in her lips as her father lifted her up onto the waiting arms of the rescue workers. Warm blankets and towels were wrapped around her body, but she barely felt their warmth. Was she safe? 

"Who are these people?"  she thought, looking to her surroundings. 

"Aya!" The sound of her name interrupted her thoughts as she spun around to see her father, soaking like a drenched rat, but moving towards her to bring her into a wet embrace. "I'm so glad you are safe Aya."

"Me too Dad, I love you," she replied, mustering up her remaining strength to hold him tighter.  "Where are Khaled and his family?" 

Seeing the realization on his face, they both looked to their surroundings. Suddenly, the boat began to turn around, away from the capsized boat. Panicking Mohammed grabbed the arm of the man who was passing out towels, desperate to explain to him that there were still more people to save.

"Don't worry! We aren't the only ones! There are more coming! You will see them again on the main ship!"  the worker shouted back, pointing out to the sea. Their gaze followed his finger to notice other rescue craft rushing to the capsized boat, all crewed by men and women determined to save as many as they can. 

"Please save them."

