They were led to a room. Carpeted floors, wooden desk, warm yellow lights. It was quiet and warm. A woman followed them in and sat behind the desk with a man following after and sitting off to her left. She waves to the three seats in front of the desk. Omar, Mohammad, and Khaled pulled out the chairs and sat down. Rasha took Aya and sat on the couch behind them. The woman frowned briefly when Rasha sat down. She looked at Khaled, then down at the papers on her desk. She began to speak, pointing at the papers. Omar and Mohammad watched her until she finished speaking, then turned to Khaled. He looked pained. “I don’t. I don’t speak Dutch.” he mumbled. The man next to the woman opened his mouth. “You will be allowed to rest for 6 days before we begin the asylum process.” A wave of relief washed over the men, they smiled at the interpreter. He continued: “The papers you see in front of you contain information about the asylum process. If you have any medical needs to declare, do so on this form.” The woman spoke again, lifting the center stack of papers and pointing to various headings. She scanned their blank faces, then handed the stack to the interpreter. “Since you’ve traveled here via a special route, you will be subject to additional screening to ensure smooth integration into the Netherlands.” He points to a subheading, then looks down at it. He leans close to the woman and whispers something. The woman picks up a phone and says a few short statements. “One moment.” The interpreter says. There’s a knock at the door, a man opens it and hands the woman a stack of papers. She smiles at him as she takes them. She hands them to the interpreter who leaves through them and places them on top of the previous stacks. They are all written in Arabic. The men all crane to read them. The interpreter picks up the Arabic copy of the previous document and flips to a subheading. “The interview process will consist of a verbal questionnaire you will respond to, with an interpreter present…”

…

Khaled closes his laptop and looks around. He sits in front of a green field with clusters of students sitting, reading, talking. He inhales deeply, he smells cut grass and coffee. He turns to the cafe to see a group from his class energetically pointing at a laptop. He places his laptop in his satchel, orders a cup of coffee and sips it as he walks home.
