Rasha wakes to the black of nightfall and the light form of ice shards losing its grip on the overhead pine. She doesn't remember ever feeling as cold as she had since entering Russia, every day more snow, more ice. The tent has bowed over the course of the evening, but a quick fumble along the edge of the space reassures that the aluminum rods are holding strong. She fumbles for the tiny flashlight at the bottom of the sleeping bag, icy hands unable to properly grip the plastic. 
Click.
She has to blink away stars, eyes unused to light adjusting to the tiny LED. The tent had bowed more than she originally thought, so the first order of business is to bang her hands against the sides. Her husband stirs once, then sighs back against the wall of canvas. It becomes evident it's later than she assumed; the faint glow of sunrise is visible through the zipper seam along the door. 
With a huff, Rasha grabs the first of the clothing pile to her right, arms rigid in the subzero morning air. First comes the longjohns, then the wool, then the pants, then the coat, then the hijab. Her socks are still hanging to dry along the crossbeam, tiny ice crystals glistening when the flashlight passes over them. With a grimace, they go over one foot, then the other before sliding into sneakers. She cracks two hand warmers they had bought at the town yesterday and throws them one in each glove. Left then right. 
Bliss. 
Finally braced she grabs the firestarter, matches, and hopefully the last of the government issued military rations. The tent opens with a zip and the first day's sunshine filters in through the wood overhead, arcing crystalline ice interlaced between each branch, long icicles hanging from needles in the illusion of leaves trailing down to the wooden fencing surrounding their home. Another branch shakes an avalanche onto the forest floor, cracking the unnatural stillness of the immigration camp. Their camp stove buried in front of the tent is nothing but a lump under the foot of snowfall. It's only a few seconds work to compact a tiny kitchen and pull the aluminum contraption free. 
 Fwip, the gas ignites, tin cover pulled apart from the cardboard box and snow piled on top of the dehydrated food. Beans. She hates beans. 
In a few hours, Omar and Mohammod will go to pick up their visas. They already picked out a one-room apartment with the last thousand of the cash from home, but Khaled already has a job teaching at a local high school.
She lets herself weep in the quiet.
