The official sat behind his firm oak desk, dressed in a light blue suit. He leaned perfectly straight, with his hands clasped cleanly on the desk. His mouth rested tight - not a hint of smile or frown in sight. His eyes, however, had glazed over in the first minute of their now hour long meeting.

Mohammod remained weary that such generosity could come from people so clearly disinterested in the lives of those like himself.

You will take care of the permits then? I may build my shop? 

Yes, Mohammod. So long as you do not default on your loans. The official leaned forward, training overcoming disinterest. It is in the nation's interest to convert able refugees into productive citizens.

When Mohammod had arrived, he hadn't expected such generosity on the part of the government. Arriving in Turkey, he had found not the camps of other nations, but a multitude of integration programs. So long as a citizen could find or make work, they had access to government loans and bureaucratic assistance.

Thanks to Turkey's assistance, he would have his mechanic's shop. His citizenship forms had already been submitted for processing. Allah had favored him and his daughter.

---------------------------------------------
Three Years Later:

Two more letters had arrived in the mail today. 

The first had been another reply to his applications for citizenship. Every Syrian had received the same perpetual response: We regret to inform you that you're application for citizenship has been refused.

The second was a reply to another of Aya's secondary school applications. Every application had stated the same perpetual response: We apologize, but we have no spots available, and must reject your application. There may be more spots available next year, so make sure to apply then as well.

Funnily enough, last year had also carried the same response. Yet, when a Turk applied, spots always seemed to mysteriously open up. Mohammod hated his daughter getting pushed aside by youth who hadn't needed to stare down the barrel of a gun before. His daughter had been through, so much.

She deserved better. 

At this rate, Aya would have to work at his shop for the foreseeable future, but Mohammod wasn't sure how long that future would be. The protests against the refugees were growing by the day, and the government was caving to their pressure. He had witnessed the faults of dictatorship, now he had the opportunity to witness the faults of democracy. 

It would seem that he and his daughter had been cursed by Allah.
